Update expressroute-howto-reset-peering.md (#106028)
Azure/azure-content: articles/expressroute/expressroute-howto-reset-peering.md

   AllowClassicOperations           : False
   GatewayManagerEtag               :
   ```

> 6. Run the following commands to change the peering state to disable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Run the following commands to change the peering state to disabled.
```

   ```azurepowershell-interactive
   $ckt.Peerings[0].State = "Disabled"
   Set-AzExpressRouteCircuit -ExpressRouteCircuit $ckt
   ```
   The peering should be in a disabled state you set. 

> 7. Run the following commands to change the peering state to re-enable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Run the following commands to change the peering state back to enabled.
```
